[MUSIC]
Module three is about hardware and
software Internet of Things devices
are built from hardware components and
software components working together.
You don't design them in isolation,
you design them together to
make them more efficient.
We'll talk about these
hardware components,
software components, and how you
partition the behavior of the system.
How do you decide what part
is implemented in hardware,
versus what part is
implemented in software.
So for instance hardware is typically
used to handle physical interaction.
The interaction with the physical world.
The sensors and actuators
are hardware components, typically.
Also hardware's needed, dedicated
hardware would be needed to do the things
that are more computationally complex.
Where software is used
to do the control and
also slower things,
human interactions, things like this.
So, we'll talk about the hardware and the
software and how you design them together.
We'll talk about the different types of
hardware components that are typical,
that you find in these systems.
We'll talk about the software
design process, too.
Compilation, interpretation,
that sort of thing.
And how they come together
inside a microcontroller.
Now in more complicated Internet of Things
components, you use an operating system.
And people are already familiar with what
operating systems are, but they mean
something a little bit different in
the context of Internet of Things devices.
So, we'll talk about operating systems,
and talk specifically about operating
systems that are appropriate for
an Internet of Things component.
[MUSIC]